August 90 old uh at eighteen fifty
10-year bond at 2.1 percent had a
wonderful meeting last night here in
roseville I'm glad I did it kind of
tucked it into my travel schedule here
and had three wonderful people show up
great conversations full of light
knowledge and truth you know it's just
wonderful to meet with some of the
youtubers and I learned so much from
each individual three wonderful
individuals our last night actually for
you have for individuals and phenomenal
just you learn a lot when you when you
sit back we talked about all kinds of
things and things I don't necessarily
talk about on YouTube just all kinds of
things essence is light and truth and
the struggle between light and truth and
darkness but you know the message that
came out of the whole thing is the Great
Spirit is in control back to gold gold
at eighteen fifty its up thirty bucks a
day it was up 33 yesterday roughly and
gold my friends will sail past two
thousand and we'll hit 4,000 at least
4,000 probably are but 4,000 I think
it'll hit pretty easily in 2012 and I
understand I'm not trying to be you know
I'm just doing the best I can so my
predictions are off by a year or two I'm
not freaking out i know a lot of people
that bach hold a very grateful that I
said get it and get rid of those dollars
back when I had my long hair in ponytail
you got four years ago but at this point
with gold at eighteen fifty right now
you had to go past two thousand will go
to four thousand just matter of fact for
sure why because the dollars being
destroyed I was once again listening to
the mainstream lamestream media crossing
and some guy i think i'm not sure if you
had a Spanish surname or not but he's
saying goods the fair trade and I
thought you know you're so so wrong gold
is the wisdom trade it's been wise to
buy gold it'll be
why's my gold right now under 2,000 buy
gold under 2500 why because the wise
person sees that the dollar is being
destroyed we have deflation and housing
inflation in food so it's a mixed bag
right now in the hyperinflation I know
that George and inflation us all those
guys got all excited about that but I
was like no hyperinflation not yet got
to destroy the middle class which is
destroy the real estate market which
gives continuing to be destroyed it'll
considering it commercial too in almost
all areas of America so we have
continued deflation in real estate if we
have the government Obama ready to run
out Americans houses to themselves banks
to come over government took them over
and then ran out to the surface and
slaves of the United States of America
so go continue saving up to 4,000 why
because the dollar is worthless print it
well digital money and just the way it
is it's the mathematical fact of life
gold still of completely safe investment
said was looking great pretty good at 42
of course and that will sail past two
hundred dollars an ounce but as I said
in previous videos the time will come
when I'll be more important to have some
nice food rather than metal but at this
point it's nice that metal as you watch
the purchasing congra dollars get
cremated wiped out destroyed crushed ok
headed to the coast drive do I have over
by Santa Cruz on be hang out California
another two or three days but I got to
get back to Utah and it's but it's nice
to be out here and think big and those
of you that came last night wonderful
event fantastic thank you thanks for
sharing your light and truth with man of
truth with Brent that's awesome right on
off to Santa Cruz ciao